Blog - Creative Commons Skip to content Menu Share your work Use & remix What We Do Blog Creative Commons Global Network Search the Commons Share your work Use & remix What We Do Blog Search for CC images Global Network Newsletter Store Contact Facebook Twitter Mail Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons Donate Now Creative Commons > Blog Find news by topic About CC Arts / culture CC-Licensed Projects Community Education / OER Events Global affiliates Journalism Legal tools / licenses Open access Open data Open science Policy / advocacy / copyright reform Press Public Domain Share your work Technology Uncategorized Weblog News CC Certificate Alumnus, Mostafa Azad Kamal on his work with open education policies and practice November 18, 2021 The Creative Commons Certificate program provides unique training courses for educators, academic librarians and the GLAM community (galleries, libraries, archives and museums). Certificate courses are an investment in open movements, training people on copyright, open licensing, and the ethos of working with our global, shared commons using CC licenses. After launching in 2018, and certifying ? Read More ?CC Certificate Alumnus, Mostafa Azad Kamal on his work with open education policies and practice? Education / OER CC Community Spotlight Series: Meet the co-founders of Fine Acts, Pavel and Yana November 16, 2021 In the weeks leading up to #GivingTuesday on November 30th, we?re spotlighting leaders in the Open Movement and encouraging you to support our Better Sharing, Brighter Future campaign. We?re inching toward our $100,000 goal and hoping you can help us out. The good news is every donation up to $30,000 will be matched. You can transform ? Read More ?CC Community Spotlight Series: Meet the co-founders of Fine Acts, Pavel and Yana? About CC Open Minds Podcast: Yana Buhrer Tavanier and Pavel Kounchev of Fine Acts November 15, 2021 Hi Creative Commoners! We?re back with a new episode of CC?s podcast, Open Minds ? from Creative Commons. On this episode, we?re joined by two guests, Yana Buhrer Tavanier and Pavel Kounchev, two of three co-founders of Fine Acts, a global creative studio that encourages experimentation and collaboration across disciplines to inspire social change. Fine ? Read More ?Open Minds Podcast: Yana Buhrer Tavanier and Pavel Kounchev of Fine Acts? About CC The Future of Open Webinar Recap & Recording November 12, 2021 Earlier this year, Creative Commons announced that four working groups of the Creative Commons Copyright Platform would examine policy issues affecting the open ecosystem from a global perspective: (1) artificial intelligence and open content; (2) platform liability; (3) copyright exceptions and limitations; and (4) the ethics of open sharing. The CC Copyright Platform was established ? Read More ?The Future of Open Webinar Recap & Recording? Events Remembering Elliot Harmon, 1981-2021 November 10, 2021 Creative Commons (CC) was saddened by the news of Elliot Harmon?s passing on October 23. Prior to his role as activism director at Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), he was the director of communications at Creative Commons. As mentioned on EFF?s website, ?We will deeply miss Elliot?s clever mind, powerful pen, generous heart, and expansive kindness. We ? Read More ?Remembering Elliot Harmon, 1981-2021? Community CC Community Spotlight Series: Meet Tyler Green November 9, 2021 This #GivingTuesday ? Tuesday, November 30th, Creative Commons invites you to join our 20th Anniversary celebration. In the weeks leading up to #GivingTuesday, we?ll be spotlighting leaders in the Open Movement and encouraging you to support our Better Sharing, Brighter Future campaign. We?ve set a goal to raise $100,000 before the end of this year. The great news is that every ? Read More ?CC Community Spotlight Series: Meet Tyler Green? About CC Creating a Campaign to Increase Open Access to Research on Climate Science and Biodiversity: A joint initiative of Creative Commons, EIFL and SPARC November 8, 2021 Open Science No Text. By: Greg Emmerich. CC BY-SA 3.0 As the United Nations Climate Change Conference, officially known as the 26th Conference of Parties, or COP26, continues in Glasgow, Scotland, I?m pleased to share some good news. The Open Society Foundations approved funding for Creative Commons, SPARC and EIFL to lead a global campaign ? Read More ?Creating a Campaign to Increase Open Access to Research on Climate Science and Biodiversity: A joint initiative of Creative Commons, EIFL and SPARC? Education / OER Open Minds Podcast: Tyler Green of The Modern Art Notes Podcast November 3, 2021 Hi Creative Commoners! We?re back with a new episode of CC?s podcast, Open Minds ? from Creative Commons. In this episode, CC?s Ony Anukem sits down for a conversation with award-winning author, historian and art critic, Tyler Green. Tyler is also the producer/host of The Modern Art Notes podcast, described by The Washington Post as ? Read More ?Open Minds Podcast: Tyler Green of The Modern Art Notes Podcast? About CC Digital Democracy from the ?Global Britain for an open world?? publication November 1, 2021 Last month, the Foreign Policy Centre (FPC) and Westminster Foundation for Democracy (WFD) released a publication entitled Global Britain for an open world? Open societies around the world and the international system that supports them are under growing threat. This publication examines the importance of open societies to the UK?s ?force for good? ambitions. Edited ? Read More ?Digital Democracy from the ?Global Britain for an open world?? publication? Policy / advocacy / copyright reform Power to the people October 31, 2021 On Thursday 28 October 2021, Creative Commons CEO Catherine Stihler delivered a keynote at the University of St Andrews? Power to the people: St Andrews? journey to net-zero and the future of energy event ahead of the annual United Nations Climate Change Conference, officially known as the 26th Conference of Parties, or COP26. In her ? Read More ?Power to the people? Events Posts navigation Page 1 Page 2 ? Page 507 Next page Contact Privacy Policies Terms Search for: Search We'd love to hear from you! Creative Commons PO Box 1866, Mountain View, CA 94042 info@creativecommons.org 1-415-429-6753 Frequently Asked Questions Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license. Icons by The Noun Project. Search for: Search