Careers ? Google Research Google Research Google Research Philosophy Research Areas Publications People Tools & Downloads Outreach Careers Blog Help advance the future of computer science Our teams are innovating at the cutting edge of their fields in order to tackle challenges and build products that impact billions of people every day. We work across the world From Accra to Z?rich, to our home base in Mountain View, we?re looking for talented and creative computer scientists to help us drive the field forward. ///city.name/// North America Atlanta Learn more View open positions Cambridge Learn more View open positions Los Angeles View open positions Montreal Learn more View open positions New York Learn more View open positions Pittsburgh Learn more View open positions San Francisco Bay Area Learn more View open positions Seattle & Kirkland Learn more View open positions Toronto View open positions Europe, Middle East, and Africa Accra Learn more View open positions Amsterdam Learn more View open positions Berlin Learn more View open positions Israel Learn more View open positions London Learn more View open positions Munich Learn more View open positions Paris Learn more View open positions Z?rich Learn more View open positions Asia-Pacific Australia View open positions India Learn more View open positions Tokyo Learn more View open positions Research careers at Google Our researchers are embedded in teams across computer science, to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Research Engineer Research Engineer Our research-focused software engineers are embedded throughout the company, allowing them to setup large-scale tests and deploy promising ideas quickly and broadly. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, research engineers work on machine learning, data mining, hardware and software performance analysis, improving compilers for mobile platforms and much more. Apply now Research Scientist Research Scientist Whether developing experiments, prototyping implementations, or designing new architectures, Research Scientists work on real-world problems in computer science. Our Research Scientists work across data mining, natural language processing, hardware and software performance analysis, improving compilation techniques for mobile platforms, core search, and much more. Apply now Internships Internships Our technical interns are key to innovation at Google and make significant contributions through applied projects and research publications. Internships take place throughout the year, and we encourage students from a range of disciplines, including CS, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, and Physics to apply to work with us. Apply now View all full-time positions We believe open collaboration is essential for progress We?re proud to work with academic and research institutions to push the boundaries of AI and computer science. Learn more about our student and faculty programs, as well as our global outreach initiatives. See outreach programs Privacy Terms About Google Google Products Feedback