Safety in our digital products ? Google Safety Centre Safety Centre Safety Centre Overview In our products Security and privacy Built-in security Privacy controls Data practices Security tips Ads and data Family safety Parental controls Family-friendly experiences Leadership Innovation Engineering centre Google Account Every Google product is designed for safety. Every day, billions of people use Google to find reliable information, get to their destination, connect with loved ones and more. When you use our products and services, it?s our responsibility to keep your personal information private, safe and secure. Explore products Search Gmail Chrome Maps YouTube Photos Pixel Assistant Android OS Pay Duo Meet Nest See more See less Search. Safely and securely. Search Safe, high-quality results We work hard to ensure that you see helpful, high-quality search results and not web spam, such as sites that don?t deliver on the promise of high-quality content or employ tactics that might prove harmful to users. We?re continuously improving our spam-fighting technology and working with those beyond Google to support a high-quality, safer web. Your searches are secure All searches on google.com and in the Google app are encrypted by default, so that what you search for is protected. Easy-to-use privacy controls We secure your Search history and make it easy for you to review and delete it from your account with privacy controls. Search without surprises Search is designed to help you find what you?re looking for. You can add a layer of protection by opting into SafeSearch, which can help filter sexually explicit results. 0 1 2 3 Learn more Email that keeps your private information safe. GMAIL Strong phishing protections Many malware and phishing attacks start with an email. Gmail blocks more than 99.9% of spam, phishing attempts and malware from reaching you. Account safety We protect your account against suspicious logins and unauthorised activity by monitoring multiple security signals. We also offer the Advanced Protection Program for accounts that are most at risk of targeted attacks. Email encryption In Google infrastructure, messages are encrypted at rest and while in transit between data centres. Messages transiting to third-party providers are encrypted with Transport Layer Security when possible, or when required by configuration. 0 1 2 Learn more Security that you never have to think about. Chrome Secure by default Built-in protections like Safe Browsing, sandboxing and other best-in-class technologies protect you from dangerous sites, malware and threats when you use Chrome. Automatic security updates Chrome can automatically update every six weeks so that you have the latest security features and fixes, with no action needed from you. Strong and unique passwords To keep all your accounts more secure, Chrome can help create strong and unique passwords and fill them in for you across devices as you browse the web. Incognito mode Incognito mode in Chrome gives you the option to browse the Internet without your activity being saved to your browser or your device. 0 1 2 3 Learn more Explore the world, control your privacy. Maps Incognito mode Use Maps in Incognito mode and your activity won?t be saved to your device. Easily turn on Incognito mode in Maps by tapping your profile photo, and turn it off at any time to get a more personalised experience, including restaurant recommendations and other features tailored to you. Location History controls Google Maps can use your Location History to give you commute predictions, faster directions, better local search results and more useful ads. Location History is off by default. You can change your settings at any time. Easy-to-access privacy controls With 'Your data in Maps', you can easily access your Location History and other privacy controls to view and manage your data. 0 1 2 Learn more Your YouTube experience is yours to control. YouTube Ad Settings We never sell your personal information to anyone. We also provide ad settings so that you can better control what ads you see and turn off ads personalisation in your Ad Settings. Incognito mode While Incognito mode in YouTube is on, your activity ? like the videos that you watch ? won?t be saved to your Google Account or included in your watch history. Easy-to-use privacy controls Your YouTube History can improve your experience and deliver content recommendations. Decide how long to keep your YouTube History, or turn it off altogether by going to 'Your data in YouTube'. 0 1 2 Learn more Google Photos, a safe home for life?s memories. Google Photos Keeping your information safe We protect the memories that you back up to Google Photos with one of the world's most advanced security infrastructures. We also encrypt your information as it moves between your device, Google services and our data centres. Treating data responsibly Google Photos doesn't sell your photos, videos or personal information to anyone. Features like face grouping make it easy to search and manage your photos. However, face groups and labels are only visible to you, and we do not make general-purpose facial recognition technology commercially available. Putting you in control We build easy-to-use tools that help put you in control of your Google Photos experience. You can selectively back up the photos that you want stored in the cloud, securely share your photos, turn off face groups and labels to delete them from your account, and make edits to location information. 0 1 2 Learn more Your digital life, secured by Pixel. Pixel On-device intelligence We?ve been pioneering new ways to use machine learning (ML) that keeps more of your data on your device. Federated learning is a new approach that combines anonymised information from different devices to train ML models, helping us to learn from everyone without learning about anyone individually. Federated learning helps to preserve your privacy while creating more helpful products and services. Titan? M chip The same security chip that protects Google Cloud data centres protects your most sensitive information. This includes passcode protection, encryption and transaction security. Automatic OS updates With Pixel, you automatically get the latest OS and security updates for at least three years.1 This helps you access new features and benefit from security enhancements right away. 1 Android version updates for at least three years from when the device first became available on the Google Store in the US. See g.co/pixel/updates for details. 0 1 2 Learn more Google Assistant is designed for privacy. Google Assistant Waits for activation Google Assistant is designed to wait in standby mode until it?s activated, like when you say 'Hey Google'. Designed for privacy By default, we don't retain your audio recordings. Visit 'Your data in Assistant' to find out more. Easy-to-use privacy controls You can control your privacy on Google Assistant by saying something like, 'Hey Google, delete what I said this week.' 0 1 2 Learn more The platform designed to protect. Android Google Play Protect Google Play Protect automatically scans your apps to make sure that they?re safe. If you come across a bad app, we?ll quickly alert you and instruct you on how to remove the app from your device. App permissions Apps that you download use data on your device to make their functionality more useful. App permissions give you control over if and when an app can access different types of data on your device, such as contacts, photos and location. Phishing protections Phishing occurs when someone tries to trick you into giving them your private information. Android alerts you to spammers, and Call Screen lets you ask who's calling before you ever pick up the phone. 0 1 2 Learn more A more secure way to pay every day. Google Pay Authenticate before every purchase Google Pay only works when your device is unlocked with your fingerprint, pattern or PIN* ? so only you can pay with your phone. *Unlock requirements vary by country. Your card details aren?t shared Tapping to pay is more secure than swiping your card because merchants won?t receive your real card number. Google Pay uses a virtual account number that protects your payment info. Lock your phone from anywhere If your phone is ever lost or stolen, you can use Google Find My Device to remotely lock it, log out of your Google Account or erase your data completely ? so that no one can make payments but you. 0 1 2 Learn more Your conversations stay private with end-to-end encryption. Duo End-to-end encrypted calls and messages Duo is built with end-to-end encryption, so whether you?re on a smart display, phone, tablet or web browser, your video calls and messages stay private between you and the people you?re talking to. Learn more about encryption here. On-device processing for effects In Duo, you can add effects and filters to personalise your calls and messages. To keep your data private, Duo uses on-device models and doesn't store your facial data. Learn more about on-device processing here. Family Link account support Children signed in to their Google Account managed with Family Link can enjoy calls and messages on Duo. For their safety, only their contacts can reach them directly. 0 1 2 Learn more The safer way to Meet. Meet Safety features on by default To keep meetings safe, Google Meet has default-on anti-abuse features and secure meeting controls, and supports multiple two-step verification options including security keys. Encryption in transit on by default All video meetings are encrypted in transit. Meet adheres to IETF security standards for Datagram Transport Layer Security (DTLS). Simply secure deployment We don?t require plug-ins to use Meet on the web. It works entirely in Chrome and other browsers, so it?s less vulnerable to security threats. On mobile, you can install the Google Meet app. 0 1 2 Learn more A helpful home is a private home. Nest Privacy controls Our displays and speakers have physical microphone mute switches, and you can manage your data ? including accessing, reviewing and deleting audio and video stored with your Google Account ? at any time. Sensor transparency We let you know what sensors are in our products and how they work. We list all audio, video, environmental and activity sensors ? whether enabled or not ? in our device technical specifications. Our Sensors Guide explains what types of data these sensors send to Google and has examples of how that data is used. Responsible data use Google Nest devices are designed to create a more helpful home. The video, audio and environmental sensor data from our devices is used to enable helpful features and services. We explain here how we?ll keep this data separate from ad personalisation. 0 1 2 Learn more Explore more ways that we keep you safe online. Security and privacy Learn how Google protects your private information and puts you in control. Family safety Learn how Google helps you manage what's right for your family online. Leadership Explore how Google innovates new safety technologies and collaborates with the industry. Security and privacy Learn how Google protects your private information and puts you in control. Family safety Learn how Google helps you manage what's right for your family online. Leadership Explore how Google innovates new safety technologies and collaborates with the industry. 0 1 2 Not all products or features may be available in all locations. About Google Google products Privacy policy Terms Partners Security news Principles Help Fran?ais