Why Google Cloud Why Google close Discover why leading businesses choose Google Cloud Whether your business is early in its journey or well on its way to digital transformation, Google Cloud can help you solve your toughest challenges. Learn more Key benefits Overview Top reasons businesses choose us. Multicloud Run your apps wherever you need them. Trust and security Keep your data secure and compliant. Global infrastructure Build on the same infrastructure as Google. Data cloud Unify data across your organization. Open cloud Scale with open, flexible technology. Sustainability Run on the cleanest cloud in the industry. Productivity and collaboration Connect your teams with AI-powered apps. Resources Events Browse upcoming Google Cloud events. Blog Read our latest product news and stories. Customer stories Explore case studies and videos. Analyst reports Read what industry analysts say about us. Solutions close Industry Solutions Reduce cost, increase operational agility, and capture new market opportunities. Retail Analytics and collaboration tools for the retail value chain. Consumer Packaged Goods Solutions for CPG digital transformation and brand growth. Financial Services Computing, data management, and analytics tools for financial services. Healthcare and Life Sciences Health-specific solutions to enhance the patient experience. Media and Entertainment Solutions for content production and distribution operations. Telecommunications Hybrid and multi-cloud services to deploy and monetize 5G. Gaming AI-driven solutions to build and scale games faster. Manufacturing Migration and AI tools to optimize the manufacturing value chain. Supply Chain and Logistics Digital supply chain solutions built in the cloud. Government Data storage, AI, and analytics solutions for government agencies. Education Teaching tools to provide more engaging learning experiences. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all industry solutions Not seeing what you're looking for? See all solutions Application Modernization Develop and run applications anywhere, using cloud-native technologies like containers, serverless, and service mesh. Hybrid and Multi-cloud Application Platform Platform for modernizing legacy apps and building new apps. Cloud-Native App Development End-to-end solution for building, deploying, and managing apps. API Management Accelerate application design and development with an API-first approach. Serverless Solutions Fully managed environment for developing, deploying and scaling apps. DevOps Processes and resources for implementing DevOps in your org. Continuous Delivery (CD) End-to-end automation from source to production. Continuous Integration (CI) Fast feedback on code changes at scale. Mainframe Modernization Automated tools and prescriptive guidance for moving to the cloud. CAMP Program that uses DORA to improve your software delivery capabilities. Hosting Services and infrastructure for building web apps and websites. Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) Tools and resources for adopting SRE in your org. Artificial Intelligence Add intelligence and efficiency to your business with AI and machine learning. Build and use AI Products to build and use artificial intelligence. Contact Center AI AI model for speaking with customers and assisting human agents. Agent Assist AI-powered conversations with human agents. Cloud Talent Solution AI with job search and talent acquisition capabilities. Document AI Machine learning and AI to unlock insights from your documents. Lending DocAI Mortgage document data capture at scale with machine learning. Procurement DocAI Procurement document data capture at scale with machine learning. Intelligent products Create engaging product ownership experiences with AI. Data Science Put your data to work with Data Science on Google Cloud. Contract DocAI Specialized AI for bettering contract understanding. Contact Center AI Insights AI-powered understanding to better customer experience. Business Application Platform Speed up the pace of innovation without coding, using APIs, apps, and automation. New Business Channels Using APIs Attract and empower an ecosystem of developers and partners. Unlocking Legacy Applications Using APIs Cloud services for extending and modernizing legacy apps. Open Banking APIx Simplify and accelerate secure delivery of open banking compliant APIs. Databases Migrate and manage enterprise data with security, reliability, high availability, and fully managed data services. Database Migration Guides and tools to simplify your database migration life cycle. Database Modernization Upgrades to modernize your operational database infrastructure. Google Cloud Databases Database services to migrate, manage, and modernize data. Migrate Oracle workloads to Google Cloud Rehost, replatform, rewrite your Oracle workloads. Open Source Databases Fully managed open source databases with enterprise-grade support. SQL Server on Google Cloud Options for running SQL Server virtual machines on Google Cloud. Data Cloud Unify data across your organization with an open and simplified approach to data-driven transformation that is unmatched for speed, scale, and security with AI built-in. Databases solutions Migrate and manage enterprise data with security, reliability, high availability, and fully managed data services. Smart analytics solutions Generate instant insights from data at any scale with a serverless, fully managed analytics platform that significantly simplifies analytics. AI solutions Add intelligence and efficiency to your business with AI and machine learning. Digital Transformation Accelerate business recovery and ensure a better future with solutions that enable hybrid and multi-cloud, generate intelligent insights, and keep your workers connected. Business Continuity Proactively plan and prioritize workloads. Digital Innovation Reimagine your operations and unlock new opportunities. Operational Efficiency Prioritize investments and optimize costs. COVID-19 Solutions Get work done more safely and securely. COVID-19 Solutions for the Healthcare Industry How Google is helping healthcare meet extraordinary challenges. Infrastructure Modernization Migrate quickly with solutions for SAP, VMware, Windows, Oracle, and other workloads. Application Migration Discovery and analysis tools for moving to the cloud. SAP on Google Cloud Certifications for running SAP applications and SAP HANA. High Performance Computing Compute, storage, and networking options to support any workload. Windows on Google Cloud Tools and partners for running Windows workloads. Data Center Migration Migration solutions for VMs, apps, databases, and more. Active Assist Automatic cloud resource optimization and increased security. Virtual Desktops Remote work solutions for desktops and applications (VDI & DaaS). Rapid Assessment & Migration Program (RAMP) End-to-end migration program to simplify your path to the cloud. Backup and Disaster Recovery Ensure your business continuity needs are met. Productivity and Collaboration Change the way teams work with solutions designed for humans and built for impact. Google Workspace Collaboration and productivity tools for enterprises. Google Workspace Essentials Secure video meetings and modern collaboration for teams. Cloud Identity Unified platform for IT admins to manage user devices and apps. Chrome Enterprise Chrome OS, Chrome Browser, and Chrome devices built for business. Cloud Search Enterprise search for employees to quickly find company information. Security Detect, investigate, and respond to online threats to help protect your business. Security Analytics and Operations Solution for analyzing petabytes of security telemetry. Web App and API Protection Threat and fraud protection for your web applications and APIs. Security and Resilience Framework Solutions for each phase of the security and resilience life cycle. Risk and compliance as code (RCaC) Solution to modernize your governance, risk, and compliance function with automation. Smart Analytics Generate instant insights from data at any scale with a serverless, fully managed analytics platform that significantly simplifies analytics. Data Warehouse Modernization Data warehouse to jumpstart your migration and unlock insights. Data Lake Modernization Services for building and modernizing your data lake. Spark on Google Cloud Run and write Spark where you need it, serverless and integrated. Stream Analytics Insights from ingesting, processing, and analyzing event streams. Business Intelligence Solutions for modernizing your BI stack and creating rich data experiences. Data Science Put your data to work with Data Science on Google Cloud. Marketing Analytics Solutions for collecting, analyzing, and activating customer data. Geospatial Analytics and AI Solutions for building a more prosperous and sustainable business. Datasets Data from Google, public, and commercial providers to enrich your analytics and AI initiatives. Startups and SMB Accelerate startup and SMB growth with tailored solutions and programs. Startup Solutions Grow your startup and solve your toughest challenges using Google?s proven technology. Startup Program Get financial, business, and technical support to take your startup to the next level. Small and Medium Business Explore solutions for web hosting, app development, AI, and analytics. Software as a Service Build better SaaS products, scale efficiently, and grow your business. Products close Featured Products Compute Engine Virtual machines running in Google?s data center. Cloud Storage Object storage that?s secure, durable, and scalable. Cloud SDK Command-line tools and libraries for Google Cloud. Cloud SQL Relational database service for MySQL, PostgreSQL and SQL Server. Google Kubernetes Engine Managed environment for running containerized apps. BigQuery Data warehouse for business agility and insights. Cloud CDN Content delivery network for delivering web and video. Dataflow Streaming analytics for stream and batch processing. Operations Monitoring, logging, and application performance suite. Cloud Run Fully managed environment for running containerized apps. Anthos Platform for modernizing existing apps and building new ones. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all products (100+) AI and Machine Learning Vertex AI Unified ML Platform for training, hosting, and managing ML models. Speech-to-Text Speech recognition and transcription supporting 125 languages. Vision AI Custom and pre-trained models to detect emotion, text, more. Text-to-Speech Speech synthesis in 220+ voices and 40+ languages. Cloud Translation Language detection, translation, and glossary support. Cloud Natural Language Sentiment analysis and classification of unstructured text. AutoML Custom machine learning model training and development. Video AI Video classification and recognition using machine learning. AI Infrastructure Options for every business to train deep learning and machine learning models cost-effectively. Dialogflow Conversation applications and systems development suite for virtual agents. AutoML Tables Service for training ML models with structured data. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all AI and machine learning products API Management Apigee API Management Manage the full life cycle of APIs anywhere with visibility and control. Apigee Integration API-first integration to connect existing data and applications. Cloud Endpoints Deployment and development management for APIs on Google Cloud. Cloud Healthcare API Solution to bridge existing care systems and apps on Google Cloud. AppSheet No-code development platform to build and extend applications. API Gateway Develop, deploy, secure, and manage APIs with a fully managed gateway. Compute Compute Engine Virtual machines running in Google?s data center. App Engine Serverless application platform for apps and back ends. Cloud GPUs GPUs for ML, scientific computing, and 3D visualization. Migrate for Compute Engine Server and virtual machine migration to Compute Engine. Spot VMs Compute instances for batch jobs and fault-tolerant workloads. Shielded VMs Reinforced virtual machines on Google Cloud. Sole-Tenant Nodes Dedicated hardware for compliance, licensing, and management. Bare Metal Infrastructure to run specialized workloads on Google Cloud. Recommender Usage recommendations for Google Cloud products and services. VMware Engine Fully managed, native VMware Cloud Foundation software stack. Cloud Run Fully managed environment for running containerized apps. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all compute products Containers Google Kubernetes Engine Managed environment for running containerized apps. Container Registry Registry for storing, managing, and securing Docker images. Container Security Container environment security for each stage of the life cycle. Cloud Build Solution for running build steps in a Docker container. Deep Learning Containers Containers with data science frameworks, libraries, and tools. Kubernetes Applications Containerized apps with prebuilt deployment and unified billing. Artifact Registry Package manager for build artifacts and dependencies. Knative Components to create Kubernetes-native cloud-based software. Cloud Run Fully managed environment for running containerized apps. Cloud Code IDE support to write, run, and debug Kubernetes applications. Data Analytics BigQuery Data warehouse for business agility and insights. Looker Platform for BI, data applications, and embedded analytics. Dataflow Streaming analytics for stream and batch processing. Pub/Sub Messaging service for event ingestion and delivery. Dataproc Service for running Apache Spark and Apache Hadoop clusters. Cloud Data Fusion Data integration for building and managing data pipelines. Cloud Composer Workflow orchestration service built on Apache Airflow. Dataprep Service to prepare data for analysis and machine learning. Dataplex Intelligent data fabric for unifying data management across silos. Data Catalog Metadata service for discovering, understanding, and managing data. Analytics Hub Service for securely and efficiently exchanging data analytics assets. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all data analytics products Databases Cloud Bigtable Cloud-native wide-column database for large scale, low-latency workloads. Firestore Cloud-native document database for building rich mobile, web, and IoT apps. Memorystore In-memory database for managed Redis and Memcached. Cloud Spanner Cloud-native relational database with unlimited scale and 99.999% availability. Cloud SQL Fully managed database for MySQL, PostgreSQL, and SQL Server. Database Migration Service Serverless, minimal downtime migrations to Cloud SQL. Bare Metal Solution for Oracle Infrastructure to run specialized Oracle workloads on Google Cloud. Firebase Realtime Database NoSQL database for storing and syncing data in real time. Datastream Serverless change data capture and replication service. Developer Tools Artifact Registry Universal package manager for build artifacts and dependencies. Cloud Build Continuous integration and continuous delivery platform. Cloud Code IDE support to write, run, and debug Kubernetes applications. Cloud Deployment Manager Service for creating and managing Google Cloud resources. Cloud SDK Command line tools and libraries for Google Cloud. Cloud Scheduler Cron job scheduler for task automation and management. Cloud Source Repositories Private Git repository to store, manage, and track code. Cloud Tasks Task management service for asynchronous task execution. Google Cloud Deploy Fully managed continuous delivery to Google Kubernetes Engine. Tekton Kubernetes-native resources for declaring CI/CD pipelines. Tools for PowerShell Full cloud control from Windows PowerShell. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all developer tools Healthcare and Life Sciences Apigee Healthcare APIx FHIR API-based digital service production. Cloud Healthcare API Solution for bridging existing care systems and apps on Google Cloud. Cloud Life Sciences Tools for managing, processing, and transforming biomedical data. Healthcare Natural Language AI Real-time insights from unstructured medical text. Hybrid and Multicloud Anthos Platform for modernizing existing apps and building new ones. Looker Platform for BI, data applications, and embedded analytics. Cloud Run for Anthos Integration that provides a serverless development platform on GKE. Google Cloud Marketplace for Anthos Containerized apps with prebuilt deployment and unified billing. Migrate for Anthos Tool to move workloads and existing applications to GKE. Operations Monitoring, logging, and application performance suite. Cloud Build Service for executing builds on Google Cloud infrastructure. Traffic Director Traffic control pane and management for open service mesh. Apigee API Management API management, development, and security platform. Google Distributed Cloud Fully managed solutions for the edge and data centers. Internet of Things Cloud IoT Core IoT device management, integration, and connection service. Edge TPU ASIC designed to run ML inference and AI at the edge. Management Tools Anthos Config Management Automate policy and security for your deployments. Carbon Footprint Dashboard to view and export Google Cloud carbon emissions reports. Cloud APIs Programmatic interfaces for Google Cloud services. Cloud Console Web-based interface for managing and monitoring cloud apps. Cloud Mobile App App to manage Google Cloud services from your mobile device. Cloud Shell Interactive shell environment with a built-in command line. Config Connector Kubernetes add-on for managing Google Cloud resources. Cost Management Tools for monitoring, controlling, and optimizing your costs. Intelligent Management Tools for easily managing performance, security, and cost. Private Catalog Service catalog for admins managing internal enterprise solutions. Terraform on Google Cloud Open source tool to provision Google Cloud resources with declarative configuration files. Media and Gaming Game Servers Game server management service running on Google Kubernetes Engine. OpenCue Open source render manager for visual effects and animation. Transcoder API Convert video files and package them for optimized delivery. Migration Application Migration App migration to the cloud for low-cost refresh cycles. BigQuery Data Transfer Service Data import service for scheduling and moving data into BigQuery. Cloud Foundation Toolkit Reference templates for Deployment Manager and Terraform. Database Migration Service Serverless, minimal downtime migrations to Cloud SQL. Migrate for Anthos Components for migrating VMs into system containers on GKE. Migrate for Compute Engine Components for migrating VMs and physical servers to Compute Engine. Rapid Assessment & Migration Program (RAMP) End-to-end migration program to simplify your path to the cloud. Transfer Appliance Storage server for moving large volumes of data to Google Cloud. Storage Transfer Service Data transfers from online and on-premises sources to Cloud Storage. VMware Engine Migrate and run your VMware workloads natively on Google Cloud. Networking Cloud Armor Security policies and defense against web and DDoS attacks. Cloud CDN Content delivery network for serving web and video content. Cloud DNS Domain name system for reliable and low-latency name lookups. Cloud Load Balancing Service for distributing traffic across applications and regions. Cloud NAT NAT service for giving private instances internet access. Hybrid Connectivity Connectivity options for VPN, peering, and enterprise needs. Network Connectivity Center Connectivity management to help simplify and scale networks. Network Intelligence Center Network monitoring, verification, and optimization platform. Network Service Tiers Cloud network options based on performance, availability, and cost. Network Telemetry VPC flow logs for network monitoring, forensics, and security. Traffic Director Traffic control pane and management for open service mesh. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all networking products Operations Cloud Logging Google Cloud audit, platform, and application logs management. Cloud Monitoring Infrastructure and application health with rich metrics. Error Reporting Application error identification and analysis. Kubernetes Engine Monitoring GKE app development and troubleshooting. Cloud Trace Tracing system collecting latency data from applications. Cloud Profiler CPU and heap profiler for analyzing application performance. Cloud Debugger Real-time application state inspection and in-production debugging. Intelligent Operations Tools for easily optimizing performance, security, and cost. Security and Identity Cloud IAM Permissions management system for Google Cloud resources. Assured Workloads Compliance and security controls for sensitive workloads. Cloud Key Management Manage encryption keys on Google Cloud. Confidential Computing Encrypt data in use with Confidential VMs. Security Command Center Platform for defending against threats to your Google Cloud assets. Cloud Data Loss Prevention Sensitive data inspection, classification, and redaction platform. Managed Service for Microsoft Active Directory Hardened service running Microsoft? Active Directory (AD). Access Transparency Cloud provider visibility through near real-time logs. Titan Security Key Two-factor authentication device for user account protection. Secret Manager Store API keys, passwords, certificates, and other sensitive data. BeyondCorp Enterprise Zero trust solution for secure application and resource access. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all security and identity products Serverless Computing Cloud Run Fully managed environment for running containerized apps. Cloud Functions Platform for creating functions that respond to cloud events. App Engine Serverless application platform for apps and back ends. Workflows Workflow orchestration for serverless products and API services. Storage All Storage Products Cloud-based storage services for your business. Cloud Storage Object storage that?s secure, durable, and scalable. Filestore File storage that is highly scalable and secure. Persistent Disk Block storage for virtual machine instances running on Google Cloud. Cloud Storage for Firebase Object storage for storing and serving user-generated content. Local SSD Block storage that is locally attached for high-performance needs. Archival Storage Data archive that offers online access speed at ultra low cost. Storage Transfer Service Data transfers from online and on-premises sources to Cloud Storage. Google Workspace Essentials Secure video meetings and modern collaboration for teams. Pricing close Save money with our transparent approach to pricing Google Cloud's pay-as-you-go pricing offers automatic savings based on monthly usage and discounted rates for prepaid resources. Contact us today to get a quote. Request a quote Google Cloud Pricing overview Pay only for what you use with no lock-in. Price list Get pricing details for individual products. Pricing calculator Calculate your cloud savings. Google Cloud Free Program $300 in free credits and 20+ free products. Related Products Google Workspace Google Maps Platform Chrome Enterprise Apigee Looker Firebase Getting started close Get started with Google Cloud Start building right away on our secure, intelligent platform. New customers get $300 in free credits to use toward Google Cloud products and services. Get started for free Self-service Resources Quickstarts View short tutorials to help you get started. Best practices Explore docs for common workloads. Google Cloud certification Prepare and register for certifications. Expert help and training Consulting Partner with our experts on cloud projects. Technical Account Management Get ongoing guidance from Google. Training Enroll in on-demand or classroom training. Partners and third-party tools Google Cloud partners Explore benefits of working with a partner. Become a partner Join the Partner Advantage program. Google Cloud Marketplace Deploy ready-to-go solutions in a few clicks. More ways to get started Docs Support Docs Support Language English Deutsch Espa?ol Espa?ol ? Am?rica Latina Fran?ais Italiano Portugu?s ? Brasil ?? ? ?? ?? ? ?? ??? ??? Sign in Contact Us Get started for free Why Google More Solutions More Products More Pricing More Getting started More Docs Support Console Contact Us Get started for free Discover why leading businesses choose Google Cloud Learn more Key benefits Overview Multicloud Trust and security Global infrastructure Data cloud Open cloud Sustainability Productivity and collaboration Resources Events Blog Customer stories Analyst reports Industry Solutions Retail Consumer Packaged Goods Financial Services Healthcare and Life Sciences Media and Entertainment Telecommunications Gaming Manufacturing Supply Chain and Logistics Government Education See all industry solutions See all solutions Application Modernization Hybrid and Multi-cloud Application Platform Cloud-Native App Development API Management Serverless Solutions DevOps Continuous Delivery (CD) Continuous Integration (CI) Mainframe Modernization CAMP Hosting Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) Artificial Intelligence Build and use AI Contact Center AI Agent Assist Cloud Talent Solution Document AI Lending DocAI Procurement DocAI Intelligent products Data Science Contract DocAI Contact Center AI Insights Business Application Platform New Business Channels Using APIs Unlocking Legacy Applications Using APIs Open Banking APIx Databases Database Migration Database Modernization Google Cloud Databases Migrate Oracle workloads to Google Cloud Open Source Databases SQL Server on Google Cloud Data Cloud Databases solutions Smart analytics solutions AI solutions Digital Transformation Business Continuity Digital Innovation Operational Efficiency COVID-19 Solutions COVID-19 Solutions for the Healthcare Industry Infrastructure Modernization Application Migration SAP on Google Cloud High Performance Computing Windows on Google Cloud Data Center Migration Active Assist Virtual Desktops Rapid Assessment & Migration Program (RAMP) Backup and Disaster Recovery Productivity and Collaboration Google Workspace Google Workspace Essentials Cloud Identity Chrome Enterprise Cloud Search Security Security Analytics and Operations Web App and API Protection Security and Resilience Framework Risk and compliance as code (RCaC) Smart Analytics Data Warehouse Modernization Data Lake Modernization Spark on Google Cloud Stream Analytics Business Intelligence Data Science Marketing Analytics Geospatial Analytics and AI Datasets Startups and SMB Startup Solutions Startup Program Small and Medium Business Software as a Service Featured Products Compute Engine Cloud Storage Cloud SDK Cloud SQL Google Kubernetes Engine BigQuery Cloud CDN Dataflow Operations Cloud Run Anthos See all products (100+) AI and Machine Learning Vertex AI Speech-to-Text Vision AI Text-to-Speech Cloud Translation Cloud Natural Language AutoML Video AI AI Infrastructure Dialogflow AutoML Tables See all AI and machine learning products API Management Apigee API Management Apigee Integration Cloud Endpoints Cloud Healthcare API AppSheet API Gateway Compute Compute Engine App Engine Cloud GPUs Migrate for Compute Engine Spot VMs Shielded VMs Sole-Tenant Nodes Bare Metal Recommender VMware Engine Cloud Run See all compute products Containers Google Kubernetes Engine Container Registry Container Security Cloud Build Deep Learning Containers Kubernetes Applications Artifact Registry Knative Cloud Run Cloud Code Data Analytics BigQuery Looker Dataflow Pub/Sub Dataproc Cloud Data Fusion Cloud Composer Dataprep Dataplex Data Catalog Analytics Hub See all data analytics products Databases Cloud Bigtable Firestore Memorystore Cloud Spanner Cloud SQL Database Migration Service Bare Metal Solution for Oracle Firebase Realtime Database Datastream Developer Tools Artifact Registry Cloud Build Cloud Code Cloud Deployment Manager Cloud SDK Cloud Scheduler Cloud Source Repositories Cloud Tasks Google Cloud Deploy Tekton Tools for PowerShell See all developer tools Healthcare and Life Sciences Apigee Healthcare APIx Cloud Healthcare API Cloud Life Sciences Healthcare Natural Language AI Hybrid and Multicloud Anthos Looker Cloud Run for Anthos Google Cloud Marketplace for Anthos Migrate for Anthos Operations Cloud Build Traffic Director Apigee API Management Google Distributed Cloud Internet of Things Cloud IoT Core Edge TPU Management Tools Anthos Config Management Carbon Footprint Cloud APIs Cloud Console Cloud Mobile App Cloud Shell Config Connector Cost Management Intelligent Management Private Catalog Terraform on Google Cloud Media and Gaming Game Servers OpenCue Transcoder API Migration Application Migration BigQuery Data Transfer Service Cloud Foundation Toolkit Database Migration Service Migrate for Anthos Migrate for Compute Engine Rapid Assessment & Migration Program (RAMP) Transfer Appliance Storage Transfer Service VMware Engine Networking Cloud Armor Cloud CDN Cloud DNS Cloud Load Balancing Cloud NAT Hybrid Connectivity Network Connectivity Center Network Intelligence Center Network Service Tiers Network Telemetry Traffic Director See all networking products Operations Cloud Logging Cloud Monitoring Error Reporting Kubernetes Engine Monitoring Cloud Trace Cloud Profiler Cloud Debugger Intelligent Operations Security and Identity Cloud IAM Assured Workloads Cloud Key Management Confidential Computing Security Command Center Cloud Data Loss Prevention Managed Service for Microsoft Active Directory Access Transparency Titan Security Key Secret Manager BeyondCorp Enterprise See all security and identity products Serverless Computing Cloud Run Cloud Functions App Engine Workflows Storage All Storage Products Cloud Storage Filestore Persistent Disk Cloud Storage for Firebase Local SSD Archival Storage Storage Transfer Service Google Workspace Essentials Save money with our transparent approach to pricing Request a quote Google Cloud Pricing overview Price list Pricing calculator Google Cloud Free Program Related Products Google Workspace Google Maps Platform Chrome Enterprise Apigee Looker Firebase Get started with Google Cloud Get started for free Self-service Resources Quickstarts Best practices Google Cloud certification Expert help and training Consulting Technical Account Management Training Partners and third-party tools Google Cloud partners Become a partner Google Cloud Marketplace More ways to get started Home Why Google Why Google Cloud Leading companies across industries are choosing Google Cloud to solve their toughest challenges. Contact us Contact us Run your apps wherever you need them Avoid vendor lock-in with Google Cloud?s commitment to open source, multicloud, and hybrid cloud?allowing you to use your data and run your apps on any cloud or in any environment. Our open cloud solutions provide consistency between public and private clouds, enabling businesses to modernize and developers to build faster in any environment. Learn more 17:08 Anthos: A modern application platform for your business 23:33 General Session: Google Cloud?s Data Analytics Strategy Make smarter decisions with the leading data platform Maximize insights from your data with Google Cloud?s machine learning and advanced analytics capabilities. Our serverless data analytics and machine learning platform helps you automate processes, make intelligent predictions, and streamline management and operations. Learn more Run on the cleanest cloud in the industry Power your workloads on a net carbon-neutral cloud. Electricity used to run Google Cloud products and services is matched 100% with renewable energy. As the only major cloud provider to purchase enough renewable energy to cover all operations, Google Cloud offers your business a path to sustainability. Learn more 04:38 Google Sustainability: Our most ambitious decade yet 02:01 How Google Cloud?s security experts protect customer data and privacy Operate confidently with advanced security tools Google Cloud protects your data, applications, infrastructure, and customers from fraudulent activity, spam, and abuse with the same infrastructure and security services Google uses. Google Cloud?s networking, data storage, and compute services provide data encryption at rest, in transit, and in use. Advanced security tools support compliance and data confidentiality. Learn more ?If we hadn't taken a machine learning approach, it would have taken us three years instead of three months to analyze 1,700 tissue samples, even with a team of dedicated pathologists. We're also achieving better consistency and quality.? Mia M. Gaudet, PhD, Scientific Director of Epidemiology Research, American Cancer Society Read the story Transform how you connect and collaborate Google Workspace provides your workforce with chat, email, video calling, and document collaboration apps in a single space. With an integrated workspace, teams collaborate more effectively, frontline workers stay connected, and businesses can build new customer experiences. Learn more 02:47 Gain visibility into your cloud costs with Google Cloud cost management tools Save money, increase efficiency, and optimize spend 86% of Google Cloud customers agree that "Google Cloud helped increase their operational efficiency and optimize IT spend," according to a TechValidate study. Google Cloud saves you money with our transparent and innovative approach to pricing. Reduce time spent on platform management by 40% to 55% with Anthos. Save up to 32% when you migrate applications to Google Cloud versus running them on-premises. Learn more Get customized solutions for your specific industry Google Cloud helps drive business transformation for some of the world?s leading companies in retail, financial services, manufacturing, media, gaming, entertainment, telco, public sector, and healthcare. Google Cloud partners with our customers to build customized solutions for their toughest challenges. Businesses like Procter & Gamble and Target trust Google Cloud because of our industry-first solutions, expertise, and robust ecosystem of partners. Learn more 07:49 ?We have more than a couple of Googlers by our side and they are really just like Air Asia employees. They find the right technology and approach for us to use to solve our problems.? Kong Wei Lye, Chief Data Officer, Air Asia Read the story Take the next step Tell us what you?re solving for. A Google Cloud expert will help you find the best solution. Contact us Take the next step Tell us what you?re solving for. A Google Cloud expert will help you find the best solution. Contact us Work with a trusted partner Find a partner Start using Google Cloud Try it free Continue browsing See all products Work with a trusted partner Find a partner Start using Google Cloud Go to console Continue browsing See all products [{ "type": "thumb-down", "id": "hardToUnderstand", "label":"Hard to understand" },{ "type": "thumb-down", "id": "incorrectInformationOrSampleCode", "label":"Incorrect information or sample code" },{ "type": "thumb-down", "id": "missingTheInformationSamplesINeed", "label":"Missing the information/samples I need" },{ "type": "thumb-down", "id": "otherDown", "label":"Other" }] [{ "type": "thumb-up", "id": "easyToUnderstand", "label":"Easy to understand" },{ "type": "thumb-up", "id": "solvedMyProblem", "label":"Solved my problem" },{ "type": "thumb-up", "id": "otherUp", "label":"Other" }] Why Google Choosing Google Cloud Trust and security Open cloud Multicloud Global infrastructure Sustainability Customers and case studies Analyst reports Whitepapers Blog Products and pricing Google Cloud pricing Google Workspace pricing Maps Platform pricing See all products Solutions Infrastructure modernization Databases Application modernization Smart analytics Artificial Intelligence Security Productivity & work transformation Industry solutions DevOps solutions Small business solutions See all solutions Resources Google Cloud documentation Google Cloud quickstarts Google Cloud Marketplace Google Workspace Marketplace Learn about cloud computing Support Code samples Tutorials Training Certifications Google Developers Google Cloud for Startups System status Release Notes Engage Contact sales Find a Partner Become a Partner Events Podcast Developer Center Press Corner Google Cloud on YouTube Google Cloud Tech on YouTube Google Workspace on YouTube Follow on Twitter Join User Research We're hiring. Join Google Cloud! Google Cloud Community About Google Privacy Site terms Google Cloud terms Carbon neutral since 2007 Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletter Subscribe Language English Deutsch Espa?ol Espa?ol ? Am?rica Latina Fran?ais Italiano Portugu?s ? Brasil ?? ? ?? ?? ? ?? ??? ???